h1. Photo Viewer

*Photo Viewer* is the photo viewer from Facebook's three20 library, torn out, and freed of it's dependency on three20.  We've removed most of the bulk code, and it's weighing in at a lean 800KB vs. three20's 4.7MB, which is an awful lot for a simple photo viewer.

h1. Status

*Photo Viewer* is _almost_ a full drop in replacement for three20, if all you're using is the photo viewer.  The only thing missing at this point (that we're aware of), is the thumbnail view.  We're going to get this back in soon, but it wasn't worth trying to salvage TTTableView/TTTableViewCell.  We're just going to rewrite it ourselves.  As far as stability goes, nothing is promised.  We haven't seen any issues, and we have already used it in one of our apps, but be sure to test it thoroughly before you submit!

We're also pretty sure that we've removed all of the issues that three20 is having with Apple's static analyzer, causing apps to be rejected.

h1. Building the Framework

We absolute *hate* the way that you have to include three20 in your apps.  So we've tried something different.  Instead of setting up header search paths, including resource bundles, and adding the three20 xcode project file to your project, we're created a "fmwk" bundle, so all you'll need to do is drag that into your project, and you're good to go.

Due to the nature of Xcode's build system, there isn't a good "one step" build, so to build the framework, follow these steps:

# Open PhotoViewer.xcodeproj
# Use these settings:
#* *Active SDK*: Base SDK
#* *Active Configuration*: Release
#* *Active Target*: PhotoViewer-simulator
# Hit *cmd+b* to build simulator library
# Switch *Active Taget* to *PhotoViewer-device*
# Hit *cmd+b* to build device library
# Switch *Active Target* to *PhotoViewerFramework*
# Hit *cmd+b* to build the "fmwk" bundle

Once you've completed this, in your build folder there will be a folder called *"Release-universal"* (or Debug-universal if you used Debug),  in that folder is the *PhotoViewer.fmwk* bundle, just drag that to your app's Xcode Project, and you should be good to go.

As with every static library, *Photo Viewer* requires you to add the "ObjC" linker flag to "Other Link Flags" in your targets build settings, if you haven't added it already.

h1. Questions

Feel free to contact info@enormego.com if you need any help.

h1. License

*Photo Viewer* is under the same Apache 2.0 license as *three20*:

_Branched from three20 - Copyright 2008 Joe Hewitt_
_Copyright 2009 enormego_

_Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");_
_you may not use this file except in compliance with the License._
_You may obtain a copy of the License at_
 
_http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0_
 
_Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software_
_distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,_
_WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied._
_See the License for the specific language governing permissions and_
_limitations under the License._